
<!-- README.md is generated from README.Rmd. Please edit that file -->
CrossICC
========

Cancer subtyping and prognosis have been studied extensively by various molecular profiling, such as genes, DNA methylation markers, proteins. With the data, unsupervised clustering are proven to be a well-establihsed methodology for this purpose. However, most of clustering method requires users to define the optimal number of clusters and usually cancer subtypes resulting from a single dataset can not be replicated in external dataset. To address this issue, CrossICC utilizes an iterative strategy to derive the optimal gene set and cluster number from consensus similarity matrix generated by consensus clustering. [CrossICC](https://github.com/bioinformatist/CrossICC) is able to deal with multiple cross platform datasets so that requires no between-dataset normalizations. This package also provides abundant functions to help users visualize the identified subtypes and evaluate the subtyping performance. Specially, many cancer-related analysis methods are embedded to facilitate the clinical translation of the identified cancer subtypes. There are two cluster modes provided by CrossICC, which are `balance` clustering mode and `finer` clustering mode. For `balance` mode, subcluster in each

Installation
------------

### Via GitHub (latest)

``` r
install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("bioinformatist/CrossICC")
```

### Via Bioconductor (stable)

Comming!~ :clap:

How to use
----------

``` r
CrossICC(example.matrices, output.dir = 'handsome_Yu_Fat', max.iter = 1)
```
